README.md, before:

# Payloads All The Things

A list of useful payloads and bypasses for Web Application Security.
Feel free to improve with your payloads and techniques !
I :heart: pull requests :)

You can also contribute with a :beers: IRL

Every section contains the following files, you can use the `_template_vuln` folder to create a new chapter:

- README.md - vulnerability description and how to exploit it
- Intruder - a set of files to give to Burp Intruder
- Images - pictures for the README.md
- Files - some files referenced in the README.md

You might also like the `Methodology and Resources` folder :

- [Methodology and Resources](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/)
  - [Active Directory Attack.md](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Active%20Directory%20Attack.md)
  - [Linux - Persistence.md](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Linux%20-%20Persistence.md)
  - [Linux - Privilege Escalation.md](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Linux%20-%20Privilege%20Escalation.md)
  - [Metasploit - Cheatsheet.md](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Metasploit%20-%20Cheatsheet.md)  
  - [Methodology and enumeration.md](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Methodology%20and%20enumeration.md)
  - [Network Pivoting Techniques.md](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Network%20Pivoting%20Techniques.md)
  - [Network Discovery.md](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Network%20Discovery.md)
  - [Reverse Shell Cheatsheet.md](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Reverse%20Shell%20Cheatsheet.md)
  - [Subdomains Enumeration.md](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Subdomains%20Enumeration.md)
  - [Windows - Download and Execute.md](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Windows%20-%20Download%20and%20Execute.md)
  - [Windows - Mimikatz.md](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Windows%20-%20Mimikatz.md)
  - [Windows - Persistence.md](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Windows%20-%20Persistence.md)
  - [Windows - Post Exploitation Koadic.md](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Windows%20-%20Post%20Exploitation%20Koadic.md)
  - [Windows - Privilege Escalation.md](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Windows%20-%20Privilege%20Escalation.md)
  - [Windows - Using credentials.md](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Windows%20-%20Using%20credentials.md)

- [CVE Exploits](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/CVE%20Exploits)
    - Apache Struts 2 CVE-2013-2251 CVE-2017-5638 CVE-2018-11776_.py
    - Apache Struts 2 CVE-2017-9805.py
    - Apache Struts 2 CVE-2018-11776.py
    - Docker API RCE.py
    - Drupalgeddon2 CVE-2018-7600.rb
    - Heartbleed CVE-2014-0160.py
    - JBoss CVE-2015-7501.py
    - Jenkins CVE-2015-8103.py
    - Jenkins CVE-2016-0792.py
    - Rails CVE-2019-5420.rb
    - Shellshock CVE-2014-6271.py
    - Tomcat CVE-2017-12617.py
    - WebLogic CVE-2016-3510.py
    - WebLogic CVE-2017-10271.py
    - WebLogic CVE-2018-2894.py
    - WebSphere CVE-2015-7450.py

You want more ? Check the [Books](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/BOOKS.md) and [Youtube videos](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/YOUTUBE.md) selections.

Commit message:

Added disclosure to credit original author
Thanks swisskyrepo!

README.md, after:

# Payloads All The Things

**I cloned this from another source and it is not my original work. I just wanted to have everything in one safe 
And didn't want mine to be a fork. I clones it so I could share with my future followers without having to remember
The repo on the other person's site. I DO NOT CLAIM THIS AS MY OWN. If I'm in the wrong in any way, please let me 
Know. I'm just very interested in wep app security and pentesting. This is going to be a master list, and I will 
Upon it to really make it my own. Thanks to the original owner swisskyrepo!! You rock!!! (:

A list of useful payloads and bypasses for Web Application Security.
Feel free to improve with your payloads and techniques !
I :heart: pull requests :)

You can also contribute with a :beers: IRL

Every section contains the following files, you can use the `_template_vuln` folder to create a new chapter:

- README.md - vulnerability description and how to exploit it
- Intruder - a set of files to give to Burp Intruder
- Images - pictures for the README.md
- Files - some files referenced in the README.md

You might also like the `Methodology and Resources` folder :

- [Methodology and Resources](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/)
  - [Active Directory Attack.md](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Active%20Directory%20Attack.md)
  - [Linux - Persistence.md](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Linux%20-%20Persistence.md)
  - [Linux - Privilege Escalation.md](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Linux%20-%20Privilege%20Escalation.md)
  - [Metasploit - Cheatsheet.md](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Metasploit%20-%20Cheatsheet.md)  
  - [Methodology and enumeration.md](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Methodology%20and%20enumeration.md)
  - [Network Pivoting Techniques.md](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Network%20Pivoting%20Techniques.md)
  - [Network Discovery.md](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Network%20Discovery.md)
  - [Reverse Shell Cheatsheet.md](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Reverse%20Shell%20Cheatsheet.md)
  - [Subdomains Enumeration.md](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Subdomains%20Enumeration.md)
  - [Windows - Download and Execute.md](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Windows%20-%20Download%20and%20Execute.md)
  - [Windows - Mimikatz.md](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Windows%20-%20Mimikatz.md)
  - [Windows - Persistence.md](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Windows%20-%20Persistence.md)
  - [Windows - Post Exploitation Koadic.md](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Windows%20-%20Post%20Exploitation%20Koadic.md)
  - [Windows - Privilege Escalation.md](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Windows%20-%20Privilege%20Escalation.md)
  - [Windows - Using credentials.md](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Windows%20-%20Using%20credentials.md)

- [CVE Exploits](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/CVE%20Exploits)
    - Apache Struts 2 CVE-2013-2251 CVE-2017-5638 CVE-2018-11776_.py
    - Apache Struts 2 CVE-2017-9805.py
    - Apache Struts 2 CVE-2018-11776.py
    - Docker API RCE.py
    - Drupalgeddon2 CVE-2018-7600.rb
    - Heartbleed CVE-2014-0160.py
    - JBoss CVE-2015-7501.py
    - Jenkins CVE-2015-8103.py
    - Jenkins CVE-2016-0792.py
    - Rails CVE-2019-5420.rb
    - Shellshock CVE-2014-6271.py
    - Tomcat CVE-2017-12617.py
    - WebLogic CVE-2016-3510.py
    - WebLogic CVE-2017-10271.py
    - WebLogic CVE-2018-2894.py
    - WebSphere CVE-2015-7450.py

You want more ? Check the [Books](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/BOOKS.md) and [Youtube videos](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/YOUTUBE.md) selections.
